Update docs (#111)
aerogear/offix-android: README.md

Mutations are persisted when Offline
and replicated back to server when online.

#### Conflict Resolution

> Provide custom conflict resolution strategies to solve conflicts among the mutations and replicate them back to the server after resolving conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conflict resolution allows providing a mechanism for resolving conflicts between data sent to the server. It will allow developers to specify custom conflict resolution strategies to solve conflicts for mutations and replicate them back to the server after resolution.
```

- **Gradle**:<br/>

  `implementation 'org.aerogear.offix:offix:0.3.1'`
  
- **Maven**:<br/> 

```xml
  <dependency>
	<groupId>org.aerogear.offix</groupId>
	<artifactId>offix</artifactId>
	<version>0.3.1</version>
	<type>pom</type>
  </dependency>
```

## Example application

See [sample](https://github.com/aerogear/offix-android/tree/master/sample) for example application.<br/>

## Limitations

1. The library only supports apollo-android for the time being.

## Features in Development 

1. Adding Offline Support when the app is in background.

> 2. Provide UI bindings in app. (For the time being, we are using subscriptions to provide them)

Reviewer 2: *For the time being, you can use subscriptions to have UI bindings.
